W-15435765 Update CIM documentation (#117)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: accelerators-cim/2.0/modules/ROOT/pages/cim-subject-areas.adoc

:imagesdir: ../assets/images

= CIM Subject Areas

The model content is organized into domains, or Subject Areas, which represent major business concepts. Each Subject Area defines one or more Entity Groups, which in turn consist of a related collection of Entities. Each Entity has a set of Attributes defining the unique characteristics of the Entity.

== Supported Subject Areas

> The following subject areas are currently supported. Each subject area includes an Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD) for each entity group defined under that area. See below for additional details on the conventions used in the diagrams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CIM supports the following subject areas, each of which includes an Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD). See <<diagram_conventions>> for the conventions used in the diagrams.
```

| Entities related to technical resources and artifacts.
|===

> == Diagram conventions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[diagram_conventions]]
== Diagram Conventions
```

> The diagrams included in each subject group show the entities and relationships defined within that group. In most cases, relationships to entities defined in other subject areas are also provided for context. The following table summarizes the conventions used to indicate the status of each entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagrams included in each subject group show the entities and relationships defined within that group. Relationships to entities defined in other subject areas are also provided for context. The following table summarizes the conventions used to indicate the status of each entity.
```

[%header%autowidth.spread^]
|===
| Symbol | Entity Status | Description

> | image:defined-group-entity.png[Defined Group Entity,50%] | Defined Group Entity | An entity in the current group that has a concrete definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| image:defined-group-entity.png[Defined Group Entity,50%] | Defined Group Entity | An entity in the current group that has a concrete definition.
```

> | image:undefined-group-entity.png[Undefined Group Entity,50%] | Undefined Group Entity | An entity belonging to the current group that does not have a concrete definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| image:undefined-group-entity.png[Undefined Group Entity,50%] | Undefined Group Entity | An entity belonging to the current group that does not have a concrete definition.
```

> | image:defined-external-entity.png[Defined External Entity,50%] | Defined External Entity | An entity defined in a different entity group or subject area

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| image:defined-external-entity.png[Defined External Entity,50%] | Defined External Entity | An entity defined in a different entity group or subject area.
```

> | image:undefined-external-entity.png[Undefined External Entity,50%] | Undefined External Entity | An entity belonging to a different group or subject area that has not been defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| image:undefined-external-entity.png[Undefined External Entity,50%] | Undefined External Entity | An entity belonging to a different group or subject area that has not been defined.
```
